### Supports for JavaScript
#### Operation Limits
For security reasons, JS code cannot be dynamically executed in Mini Programs. In other words:
```
JS code cannot be executed via eval.
No functions can be created with new Function.
```
Details see: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/minigame/en/dev/guide/runtime/js-support.html

### File System
#### Files are divided into two categories:

Code package file: A file added in the project directory.
Local file: A file generated locally by calling an API, or downloaded over the network and stored locally.

#### Local files are divided into three types:
Local temporary file: A file that is temporarily generated and will be recycled at any time. The storage space of local temporary files is unlimited.
Local cache file: A file generated by a Mini Program after caching a local temporary file via an API. The directory and file name cannot be customized. Normal Mini Programs can store up to 10 MB of local cache and local user files, while game-type Mini Programs can store up to 50 MB.
Local user file: A file generated by a Mini Program after caching a local temporary file via an API. The directory and file name can be customized. Normal Mini Programs can store up to 10 MB of local user and local cache files, while game-type Mini Programs can store up to 50 MB.

Details see: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/minigame/en/dev/guide/base-ability/file-system.html

#### Subpackage Loading Size Restrictions
The sizes of Mini Game subpackages are restricted as follows:
```
The total size of all subpackages of a Mini Game cannot exceed 16 MB.
A single subpackage or main package cannot exceed 4 MB.
```
Details see: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/minigame/dev/guide/base-ability/sub-packages.html

### File Types
The types of files that can be uploaded are limited for Mini Programs. Only the following file types are supported:

Details see: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/minigame/en/dev/guide/framework/code-package.html

### Rendering
#### Canvas
Mini Games only have one on-screen canvas, but can have multiple off-screen canvases. You can use wx.createCavans to create a canvas object.

Convention: The first time you call this API, it creates an on-screen canvas. Subsequent calls create off-screen canvases.

#### Drawing Context and API
You can use Canvas.getContext to create a drawing context. Refer to RenderingContext for the specific type of drawing context returned by this operation.

#### Using Compressed Textures
Compressed textures are supported from base library version 2.5.0. iOS supports the PVR format and Android supports the ETC1 format.

### Adapter
In iOS, the Mini Game runtime environment is JavaScriptCore, and it is V8 in Android. Neither of these environments support BOM or DOM, and they do not have global document and window objects. Therefore, if you want to use DOM APIs to create a canvas, image, or other elements, an error will be reported.

The Mini Game runtime environment is a host environment different from a browser. It does not provide BOM and DOM APIs, but does provide wx APIs. Using wx APIs, developers can call native capabilities, such as drawing, audio/video, network, and documents.

Details see: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/minigame/dev/guide/best-practice/adapter.html

### RenderingContext
The drawing context of the canvas object.

You can use the Canvas.getContext('2d') API to get the CanvasRenderingContext2D object. Most of the properties and methods defined by HTML Canvas 2D Context are implemented.
You can use the Canvas.getContext('webgl') API to get the WebGLRenderingContext object. All the properties, methods, and constants defined by WebGL 1.0 are implemented.

Details see: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/minigame/en/dev/api/render/canvas/RenderingContext.html
